and Israeli forces have killed at least
one person in the town of betan Nan
that's in the occupied West Bank another
person has been rushed to hospital after
being shot and detained by Israeli
forces for more than two hours let's go
straight to Zay basravi who joins us
live now from ramala and zann yet again
more raids day and
night that is correct there's been a
number of flash points across the
occupied West Bank but there are a few
locations worthy of taking specific note
um in tilim we saw a a very very violent
night that started during the day
yesterday in a daytime raid Israeli
Special Forces in a civilian vehicle
hunted down a car with four Palestinian
men and there was a shootout in which
all four of those men in that vehicle
were killed suspected Fighters shortly
after that incident the armed wing of
the political group fata the Alexa
martyr Brigade put out a statement
saying that they would have Vengeance
they would take revenge they vowed
revenge for that attack and what
followed was a very violent night in
tilker we saw dozens of military
vehicles Israeli military vehicles going
into the town uh there were clashes
Palestinian Fighters promised to fight
back they say they used 20 explosives on
the Israeli military we saw a video of a
bulldozer a military bulldozer uh being
blown up during these clashes uh the
Israelis carried out a drone strike
injuring two people and before they
pulled out this morning as the sun rose
they tend to pull out of these towns uh
they stormed the homes of two of the men
that were killed marking them for
demolition a similar incident in Hebron
raids in which a journalist was arrested
there was more clashes there and another
Palestinian man was killed when the
house of a suspected fighter there was
also marked for demolition these kinds
of tactics as the Israeli military carry
out routinely also extended to a raid in
Janine where they were searching for
someone were unable to find that suspect
and arrested the suspect's father to put
pressure on him to surrender and saying
growing concerns aren't there about
Palestinian deaths in Israeli
custody that is correct the death toll
went up by about 9 or 10 people just in
the last 24 hours
163 16 four people actually have been
killed uh since the October 7th incident
since the War Began and that is in the
occupied West Bank alone 164 dead two of
them we've learned today were prisoners
in Israeli custody they were one of them
at least was from Gaza had a license to
work in Israel was picked up in the
Roundup by Israeli military after the
October 7th attacks happened and died in
prison in Israeli custody the
circumstances of his death un
from Gaza died in Israeli custody while
his family remained in Gaza braving the
constant bombardment that has happened
for the last month Zan basravi and
romala thank you